What is Tailwind CSS?
Answer: Tailwind CSS is a utility-first CSS framework that provides a set of pre-designed, 
low-level utility classes that you can use directly in your HTML markup to style your components.

How is Tailwind CSS different from other CSS frameworks like Bootstrap or Bulma?
Answer: Unlike other CSS frameworks that offer pre-designed components, Tailwind CSS is focused on providing low-level utility classes. 
This gives developers more flexibility to compose and customize styles as needed.

Explain the utility-first approach of Tailwind CSS.
Answer: The utility-first approach means building designs directly in your markup by applying small, atomic utility classes. 
This approach promotes a more efficient and responsive workflow compared to writing custom CSS.

How do you customize the default styles in Tailwind CSS?
Answer: Tailwind CSS provides a configuration file (usually named tailwind.config.js) where you can customize various aspects of the framework, such as colors, fonts, spacing, and more.

What is PurgeCSS, and why is it used with Tailwind CSS?
Answer: PurgeCSS is a tool used to remove unused CSS styles from your final production build. Since Tailwind CSS generates a large set of utility classes, PurgeCSS helps in eliminating the unused styles, resulting in a smaller CSS file.

Explain the concept of responsive design in Tailwind CSS.
Answer: Tailwind CSS provides responsive utility classes that allow you to apply styles based on the screen size. For example, you can use classes like sm:, md:, and lg: to define styles for small, medium, and large screens, respectively.

How can you extend or add new utilities in Tailwind CSS?
Answer: You can extend or add new utilities in Tailwind CSS by using the extend option in the configuration file. This allows you to define custom utility classes or extend existing ones.

What is the purpose of the @apply directive in Tailwind CSS?
Answer: The @apply directive is used in your custom stylesheets to apply existing utility classes defined in Tailwind CSS. It allows you to mix utility-first classes with custom styles.

How can you enable or disable certain modules in Tailwind CSS?
Answer: In the tailwind.config.js file, you can enable or disable modules by modifying the modules section. This allows you to include or exclude specific features of Tailwind CSS based on your project's needs.

How do you handle hover, focus, and other states in Tailwind CSS?
Answer: Tailwind CSS provides state variants like hover:, focus:, etc., 
that you can use to apply styles to elements based on user interaction states. For example, hover:bg-blue-500 will apply the background color when the element is hovered.

How can you integrate Tailwind CSS with an Angular project?

Answer: To integrate Tailwind CSS with an Angular project, you can use the ng add command to install the ngx-tailwind schematics.
After installation, you need to run the configuration command to set up Tailwind CSS in your project.

 how you can use Tailwind CSS classes in Angular templates.

Answer: In Angular templates, you can apply Tailwind CSS classes directly to HTML elements. For 
example: 
<div class="bg-blue-500 text-white p-4">
  This is a styled div using Tailwind CSS.
</div>

How can you conditionally apply Tailwind CSS classes in Angular templates?

Answer: You can use Angular's property binding to conditionally apply Tailwind CSS classes. For 
example:
<div [class.bg-blue-500]="isBlue" [class.text-red-500]="isRed">
  Conditional styling based on the value of isBlue and isRed.
</div>



